SVB Financial Group, a diversified financial services company, offers various
banking and financial products and services. It operates through four segments:
Global Commercial Bank, SVB Private Bank, SVB Capital, and SVB Securities. The
Global Commercial Bank segment provides commercial banking products and
services, including credit, treasury management, foreign exchange, trade
finance, and other financial products and services. This segment also offers
traditional term and equipment loans, asset-based loans, revolving lines of
credit, warehouse facilities, recurring revenue and acquisition finance
facilities, mezzanine lending, corporate working capital facilities, and credit
card programs; treasury management products and services; business and analysis
checking, money market, multi-currency, in-country bank, and sweep accounts;
receivables services, which include merchant services, remote capture, lockbox,
and fraud control services; wire transfer and automated clearing house payment
services; business bill pay, credit and debit cards, account analysis, and
disbursement services. In addition, it offers foreign exchange and trade
finance products and services; letters of credit; and investment services and
solutions. The SVB Private Bank segment offers mortgages, home equity lines of
credit, restricted and private stock loans, capital call lines of credit, and
other secured and unsecured lending products; planning-based financial
strategies, wealth management, family office, financial planning, tax planning,
and trust services; and real estate secured loans. The SVB Capital segment
provides venture capital investment services. The SVB Securities segment
provides investment banking services; products and services, including capital
raising, merger and acquisition advisory, equity research, and sales and
trading. It operates through 56 offices in the United States and
internationally. The company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Santa
Clara, California.
